Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the
2019 American psychological
horror film called 'Ma'.
There will be Spoilers ahead,
so please proceed with caution.
Maggie Thompson, a teen, returns to her Ohio
hometown with her mother Erica when Erica's
husband abandons her. Maggie makes friends
with Haley, Darrell, Chaz, and Andy at her
new high school, and Andy develops a crush on her
right away. Sue Ann 'Ma' Ellington, a veterinary
technician, is persuaded to assist them in
purchasing alcohol. Because of the officer's
past with Andy's father, Ben, Sue Ann anonymously
reports their actions, but they are freed.
Sue Ann invites the youngsters to drink in her
basement the next day. As time goes on, more and
more adolescents show up at her house to party,
making her a popular figure among her peers.
Sue Ann, on the other hand, irritates the group by
constantly pressuring them to spend time with her.
She removes Maggie's jewellery and poisons her
one night. Maggie discovers scrapes and bruises
on her body the next morning, as well as the loss
of her earrings. Maggie, who is terrified, informs
Andy that she no longer wants to go to Sue Ann's
house and that she does not want him to go either.
Sue Ann lies to the group about having
pancreatic cancer in order to regain their trust.
Haley finds she's wearing a bracelet that belongs
to one of her friends. Sue Ann is suspected of
stealing the girls' jewels, so the girls break
into her home to investigate. Genie, Sue Ann's
daughter from a broken marriage, astounds them;
Maggie is taken aback by her walking, as she is
accustomed to using a wheelchair at school. As
Sue Ann returns home, Maggie and Haley flee.
Sue Ann's high school friend Ben comes
up at her place of business to drop off
his pet and invites her out for drinks after
work. Ben approaches Sue Ann with a monitoring
device at the pub and inquires as to why his
kid has been visiting her house recently.
Sue Ann is warned by Ben to keep away from Andy.
Sue Ann, who had a crush on Ben, was duped into
performing fellatio on a boy she thought was
Ben in a closet, according to a flashback.
Ben had arranged for his current girlfriend
Mercedes and a young Erica to be present
for the attack. Sue Ann was traumatised and
humiliated, and she never fully recovered.
Sue Ann kills Mercedes by running her vehicle
over her. She assassinates her employer,
takes blood from Maggie's dog Louie, and lures
Ben to her home, knocking him unconscious. Ben
is nude and bound to her bed as he wakes up. Sue
Ann then brings a big knife to Ben's genitalia,
threatening to chop it off, but then
changes her mind and covers it with a towel.
Sue Ann goes on to say that Ben is similar to
a dog. She cuts Ben's wrist and leaves him to
bleed out and die after transfusing Louie's
blood into him. Maggie informs her mother of
the truth about Sue Ann, and Erica confronts
Sue Ann for a brief moment. Sue Ann entices
Maggie with a photo of herself and Andy taken
during Chaz's birthday party in her basement.
When she arrives, she discovers that everyone
has departed, leaving only the original group.
She attempts to persuade Andy to go, but soon
discovers that everyone has been drugged.
Maggie comes upon Ben's body and is drugged
by Sue Ann while she attempts to obtain aid.
Maggie is imprisoned in the basement when
she wakes up. Sue Ann sews Haley's lips shut,
irons Chaz's stomach, and paints Darrell's
face white. Andy reawakens and makes an
attempt to seduce Sue Ann. She stabs him with
a knife for beingdishonest after kissing him.
As Maggie cries for help, a police officer appears
and is shot by Sue Ann. Maggie is compelled by
Sue Ann to collect her pals and shoot photographs.
Sue Ann tries to hang Maggie, but Genie saves her,
setting fire to the room. As the fire spreads,
everyone else wakes up and tries to find a way
out. Erica and her coworker save the youngsters
since they know where Maggie will be.
Sue Ann tries to toss Genie into the flames and
accuses Erica of allowing the sexual assault to
continue. Maggie stabs Sue Ann, rescuing
Genie, and Erica expresses her remorse.
As the home burns, the gang flees outdoors, while
Sue Ann walks upstairs and embraces Ben's body.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the
like button and subscribe for more videos.
Have a great day ahead.